The materials we need are the
following wool a crochet according to
Thickness of wool scissors and needle wool
let's start the flower making a
eight-point magic ring we passed in
around the finger we passed followed by
inside the hoop and we fix it with a
chain and we make eight half points
one
two
and eight half points and we close
the ring and we make a slip stitch
with the first point
of this round
and we start the next round with 3
cadenetas
and we will make an increase in varetas
each of the points so in the
same space where we have made the three
chains we make a crochet and we already have
the first increase
in the next space we do
One bar and the increase
in the next space a bar
and the increase and so on until we finish
the turn
once we have done all the tricks
we close with a slipped point
we make a chain and cut the thread
of these parts we are going to do 5 equal
and in one of them we are going to leave the thread
long enough to be able to sew once
we have the 5 pieces we doubled them
little by one of the sides
and we started to sew together the rooms
of the round ones with others
once we have sewn all the parts already
we have the flower finished
all right